in today's video we will run through
2013's action horror world war z
former united nations employee jerry
lane traverses the world in a race
against time to stop a zombie pandemic
that is toppling armies and governments
and threatens to destroy humanity itself
spoilers ahead you have been warned like
this video
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel
former un agent jerry lane and his wife
karen are sleeping when their young
daughters
rachel and connie jump on the bed to
wake them up it is an
everyday happy morning for the lane
family they have their breakfast
together
and leave for the day on their way they
are stuck in traffic
just then a police bike passes by
crashing into the car's wing mirror and
breaks it
jerry gets out to check the damage then
there is a massive explosion
a few blocks away he quickly gets into
his car
huge trucks start to run through the
traffic crashing into anything that
comes in their way
jerry starts driving forward the streaks
are in havoc
with people running everywhere to save
their lives rachel in the back seat is
scared so she sits on the floor
the parents ask her to put her seat belt
back on but just as jerry turns around
to tell her that
their car crashes into another
everything goes silent for a second
thankfully no one is hurt they get out
of the car and start to run
the road is crowded one person gets into
his car with his family but a girl
attacks them
she bangs her head into the car and
breaks in the man gets out only to be
strangled by the girl
she bites his arm he starts to struggle
on the ground
and his eyes turn hazy it is as if the
bite has changed him into a zombie
he starts banging on the car door with
his head jerry watches this while
running away with his family
trying to save them the family gets into
a truck nearby
and drives away fighting the zombie that
latches onto the window
the whole street is filled with them
jerry drives to the countryside
they find a rifle in the truck just then
rachel gets an asthma attack
the family has to go get medicine for
her jerry calls his friend from his time
in the u.n
thierry umutoni thierry sends a
helicopter for the family's rescue but
it will
only arrive the following day then they
go to a grocery store
rachel and karen collect food while
jerry and connie collect medicines for
connie
when they come out their truck is gone
jerry notices an apartment building
nearby
the zombies are everywhere but the
family manages to get into the building
however some zombies follow the family
up the stairs
jerry shoots some of them with his rifle
but their number keeps on increasing
as the family is looking for a room
connie disappears
they find her in a room with a mexican
family the family lets them in
the mexican couple has a son named tommy
jerry and the family stay there for the
night
the following day the rescue helicopter
is supposed to be on top of the building
jerry tries to convince tommy's father
to come with them but he refuses
so jerry and karen along with the girls
leave for the terrace
but before they can reach it they are
chased by zombies the mexican family is
attacked too
karen and the kids somehow reach the
terrace but jerry is stuck with one of
the zombies
tommy shoots it saving jerry his family
was abducted but he managed to flee
jerry takes tommy and rushes to the
terrace the helicopter sees the family
and takes them away
they land on a ship and are given bunker
beds for the time
a team of doctors is trying to figure
out the situation
they assume that the chaos is because of
a virus they are actively trying to
search for the vaccine that might stop
its spread
andrew fastback is the team leader of
the doctors the un officials want jerry
to join the mission
if he refuses his family will be sent
back to the city
jerry has no choice but to join the
mission he says goodbye to the family
and leaves for south korea with a team
of researchers and soldiers to search
for the vaccine
they land at the military base of camp
humphreys however they get out of the
aircraft to see zombies have wiped the
place
out a few of them attack the team which
scares andrew
he runs back to the aircraft but slips
and falls the doctor dies from the
impact
a group of soldiers arise for the team's
aid they leave andrew's body there and
rush to the military base jerry meets a
prison former cia agent
who informs him about israel's
precautions even before the virus was
acknowledged israel had built a safe
zone in jerusalem
that means someone had intel on the
origin of the virus
the man suggests jerry talked to the
maasai chief jurgen von brun
jerry plans to go there to investigate
there he finds out that the zombies are
sensitive to sound
he and a group of soldiers leave for the
aircraft they cycle there without making
noise but are chased by the zombies in
the way
only one pilot and jerry survive they
fly to israel
on the way jerry calls karen and tells
her he is okay
finally they land in jerusalem israel
jerry orders the pilot to stay with the
plane and wait for his return
he then meets jurgen von brun jurgen
informs jerry that they had intercepted
communication from an indian general who
said he was fighting a zombie
this alerted the officials who built a
safe zone in response
because of the communication israel is
safe from the zombie attack
jurgen then drives jerry to show him one
of the safe zones they have built
the walls are many stories high so the
zombies from outside cannot come in
people sing and dance celebrating their
safety but they are too loud
this agitates the zombies on the other
side they climb on top of each other
creating a mountain of zombies
and almost reach the top of the wall
jerry and jurgen are with the crowd when
jerry notices the zombies on top of the
wall
but it is too late they have already
started jumping down to this side
they attack several people from the
crowd the place is in chaos
jurgen orders two of his soldiers to
take jerry to his airplane
as they run more and more people turn
into zombies the israeli soldiers try to
stop them from climbing up the wall by
open firing but there are too many of
them
jerry notices two people in the crowd
who the zombies do not attack
he doesn't think much of it and rushes
outside the zone
they almost reach the helicopter when a
zombie bites one of the soldiers
protecting jerry
jerry cuts her arm off to save her from
turning into a zombie
they quickly run to the airport but
jerry's pilot friend has already left
they see a passenger plane about to fly
off and get on it instead finally they
are in the air and safe
the soldier's name is segan jerry looks
down through the window to see the city
in havoc
people are running while several
explosions take place jerry mends
segan's arm and bandages it properly
he then calls karen and asks to talk to
thierry jerry tells him that he has
figured out a way to fight the virus but
he cannot explain it on the phone
his phone is dying as well next he tells
him that he needs to be taken to a wh-o
lab
thierry talks to the aircraft pilots and
convinces them to take jerry to a lab in
cardiff
after a while jerry falls asleep on the
plane the passengers are quiet but a
zombie has gone
into the plane somehow he attacks the
air hostess and turns her into one of
them
the passengers start to run around and
panic there is no way for them to run
away in the craft so jerry takes a
grenade and throws it into the crowd of
zombies
this kills most of them but also creates
a massive hole in the aircraft
the plane then crashes into the woods it
is brutally destroyed
but both jerry and segan come out alive
they somehow managed to reach the who
lab in cardiff
jerry falls unconscious outside the
building after not getting a message
from jerry the officials assume that he
is dead
they sent karen and the kids away from
the ship to make space for other
officials his families
after three days jerry wakes up tied to
a bed his wounds have been treated
two unknown people ask him about his
intentions jerry asked him to call the
number on his phone and ask them for his
identification
as they do they talk to thierry and find
out that jerry is indeed a former un
official
finally jerry is brought into their lab
there he explains to them how he had
seen the zombies ignore
some people he believes that if the
people are already sick
the zombies can smell the pathogen in
their bodies and do not attack them
this is because the virus needs a
healthy body to feed off of
to test this someone has to inject
themselves with a pathogen and
encounter a zombie the doctor suggests
some viruses like meningitis scarlet
fever
rocky mountain fever and so on they have
various pathogens to test
but all of them are stored in the b-wing
of the building zombies heavily infest
the b-wing
they watch the zombies walk around
through the security cameras the only
pathway that connects wing a with wing b
is an overhead bridge jerry siegen and
one of the doctors wrapped their hands
to avoid being bitten
they gather some weapons and leave for
wing b
without making any noise they managed to
go halfway into the building
the other doctors are watching them
through the cameras from wing a but
just then the doctor accidentally bangs
his weapon on a trash can
the noise attracts the zombies segan
shoots one of them
the group runs back to where they came
from the doctor and segan somehow get
back to wing a
while jerry distracts the zombies to
another path while running away from
them
jerry reaches the lab that contains the
pathogens they wanted but he requires a
passcode to get in
the doctors watching from the security
camera call the lab and provide jerry
the passcode
he finally gets into the lab and closes
the door he collects all the required
pathogens in the box and is about to
leave when
a zombie bangs on the door the zombie
cannot get inside the lab
but now jerry cannot leave either there
is only one way out
he has to test the efficiency of the
pathogen on himself
he searches for an injection then he
writes tell my family i love them
on paper and shows it to the camera
jerry
finally injects himself with a pathogen
he waits for a few minutes for it to
come into effect
then opens the door the zombie walks
right past him
the doctors are amazed to see this jerry
walks out and distracts the zombies with
a noise
without any trouble he goes into wing a
the movie ends as we see jerry reunite
with his family
the origin of the virus is still unknown
but the vaccine has been spread
throughout the world
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more
of these movie summaries